![logo](http://www.bmclients.com/assets/img/logo.png)

# Summary

I will always do my best to fulfil your needs and meet your goals, but
sometimes it's best to have a few things written down so that we both know
what's what, who should do what and what happens if stuff goes wrong. In this
contract you won't find complicated legal terms or long passages of unreadable
text. I have no desire to trick you into signing something that you might later
regret. I do want what's best for the safety of both parties, now and in the
future.

# In short

You: **client**

are hiring me, **Brian Wm. McAllister**, located at

**address**

to

**do a thing**

for the estimated total price of

**money**

as outlined in our previous correspondence. Of course, it's a little more
complicated, but I'll get to that.

# What do both parties agree to do?

As my customer, you have the power and ability to enter into this contract on
behalf of your company or organisation. You agree to provide me with everything
that I'll need to complete the project — including text, images and other
information — as and when I need it and in the format I ask for. You agree to
review my work, provide feedback and approval in a timely manner, too.
Deadlines work two ways and you'll also be bound by any dates that we set
together. You also agree to stick to the payment schedule set out at the end of
this contract.

I have the experience and ability to perform the services you need from me and
I will carry them out in a professional and timely manner. Along the way I will
endeavour to meet all the deadlines set but I can't be responsible for a missed
launch date or a deadline if you have been late in supplying materials or have
not approved or signed off my work on-time at any stage. On top of this I'll
also maintain the confidentiality of any information that you give me.

# Design

If the scope of work includes design, I'll create designs for the
look-and-feel, layout and functionality of your project. This contract includes
one main design plus the opportunity for you to make up to one round of
revisions. If you're not happy with the designs at this stage, you will pay me
in full for all of the work that I have produced until that point and you may
either cancel this contract or continue to commission me to make further design
revisions at an hourly rate.

# Development

The landscape of web browsers and devices changes regularly and my approach is
to look forward, not back. With that in mind I will test all development work
in current versions of all major desktop browsers to ensure that I make the
most from them. Some features aren't supported even in the newest versions of
browsers, so in the rare case that one particular browser doesn't support a
feature, I'll ensure that feature gracefully degrades. Users of older or less
capable browsers or devices will experience a design that is appropriate to the
capabilities of their software. Projects that have a mobile specific layout
(such as a responsive layout), will be tested on iPhone and iPad.

I will not test old or abandoned browsers. If you need me to consider these
older browsers, I will charge you at an hourly rate for any necessary
additional design work, development and testing.

# Text content

I'm not responsible for writing or inputting any text copy unless I've
specified it in the original estimate. I'll be happy to help though, and in
addition to the estimate I will charge you at an hourly rate for copy writing
or content input. Photographs

You will supply me photographs in digital format. If you choose to buy stock
photographs I can suggest vendors of stock photography. Any time I spend
searching for appropriate photographs will be charged at an hourly rate.

# Changes and revisions

The estimate/quotation prices at the beginning of this document are based on
the number of hours that I estimate I'll need to accomplish everything that you
have told me you want to achieve. If you do want to change your mind, add extra
pages or templates or even add new functionality, that won't be a problem. You
will be charged an hourly rate. Along the way I might ask you to put requests
in writing so I can keep track of changes.

# Cancellation Fee

If at any point you no longer want to continue work on your project, we can
cancel the project. This means that you will pay me for all the work I’ve
completed, including any additional expenses and charges (such as billable
hours due to revisions/changes/etc.).

# Technical support

If you don't manage your own website hosting, I can set up an account for you
at one of my preferred, third-party hosting providers. I will charge you a
one-off fee for installing your site on this server; then the updates to, and
management of that server, plus any support issues will be up to you.

I am not a website hosting company and so do not offer or include technical
support for website hosting, email or other services relating to website
hosting.

# Warranty

This contract includes a two week warranty. Bugs are any deviation from the
original specifications caused directly by code that I wrote. I’m not
responsible for modifications that were made by you or any third party during
or after the project.

A bug is different than a revision. Changes in scope or project requirements,
or revisions to items that have already been developed according to the project
requirements will be billed at an hourly rate. I maintain the right to turn
down any change or revision that is not a bug. After two weeks, all edits, bug
fixes and revisions can be billed at an hourly rate with a one hour minimum.

# Legal stuff

I can't guarantee that the functions contained in any project will always be
error-free and so I can't be liable to you or any third party for damages,
including lost profits, lost savings or other incidental, consequential or
special damages arising out of the operation of or inability to operate this
website and any other webpages, even if you have advised me of the
possibilities of such damages.

If any provision of this agreement shall be unlawful, void, or for any reason
unenforceable, then that provision shall be deemed severable from this
agreement and shall not affect the validity and enforceability of any remaining
provisions.

# Copyrights

You guarantee to me that any elements of text, graphics, photos, designs,
trademarks, or other artwork that you provide me for inclusion in the website
are either owned by you, or that you have permission to use them.

When I receive your final payment, copyright is automatically assigned as
follows:

You own the graphics and other visual elements that I create for you for this
project. I'll give you a copy of all files and you should store them really
safely as we are not required to keep them or provide any native source files
we used to make them.

You also own text content, photographs and other data you provided, unless
someone else owns them. You own code that I write. This means that you can
reuse any part of the code I've written.

I love to show off my work and share what I have learned with other people, so
I reserve the right to display and link to your completed project as part of my
portfolio and to write about the project on websites, in magazine articles and
in books about web design.

# Payments

I’m sure you understand how important it is as a small business that you pay
the invoices that I send you promptly. As I’m also sure you'll want to stay
friends, you agree to stick tight to the following payment schedule.

50% non-refundable deposit due upon contract signing. Remaining balance due
upon project completion.

# Small print

Just like a parking ticket, you can't transfer this contract to anyone else
without my permission. This contract stays in place and need not be renewed. If
for some reason one part of this contract becomes invalid or unenforceable, the
remaining parts of it remain in place.

Although the language is simple, the intentions are serious and this contract
is a legal document under exclusive jurisdiction of US courts.